hello i'm elaine homer from barkis funds
transfer betters farm experience I'm
going to show you with you some of the
funny experiences that you can have on a
visit out to our farm we certainly here
is back here buckets dear I'll retired
gentleman
it was my original draft horse and he
taught me so much and here on my right
is my little baby prudence who's just
two years old she's just starting to be
trained these are the lambs coming out
now are all bottle-fed little orphans
that's why they so friendly I guess have
a wonderful time with lens little kids
find that they're not so intimidating as
some of the bigger animals our tip
Border Collies at barkis bond farm state
Carly and Ruby expect to be entertained
by the guests and they'll play fetch for
as long as your arm we'll throw that
ball
one of the great experiences at buck is
bone farm state which the city gets
really really enjoy is coming over and
feeding these cattle a beautiful quiet
slave cattle and they just Mull around
and enjoy eating their food
here buck here's our chickens are very
very small
every morning we mix up a porridge for
them and it's the guests duties to help
mix this porridge up on their mixing it
up they learn about the different sort
of foods that Chuck see and why we give
them those foods so here we go
ah this is Cody a little resident
Shetland that's bark who's Kate is some
loves giving lead pan rights and a
little other kids the happier is he
seems a bit big for Cody but he's not
gonna mine
Cody also has a lovely little sulky
which he he loves pulling around kids
from city are very rarely well have ever
probably seen a salty little and have a
ride on it so I found that really
exciting walk on Katie I'm going to give
easy a go at long raining we call this
long raining a draft us your long rain a
draft horse as training but also when
she's pulling a sled it's like long
raining or when she's pulling her card
get a bit of contact huh
good girl
this is our Hillview unit so called
because it faces spoiled hill over there
lovely reviews come on through and have
a look
and this is our barn unit a band unit
sleeps up to nine people so again come
on through and have a look
this is Barclays VanCamp kitchen they
welcome to come and use this if he came
here
this is back who's camping area now
you're camping here you can pick your
spot we have an undesignated sites and
you can pick your spot all the way up to
the top of that hill up there we do have
two new amenity blocks one just off the
camp kitchen and another one up behind
the shed up there please come along and
bring your family and share the
experiences and the fun we have it back
who's bond check out our website for
more details or give me a phone call